someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/apt-get
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/awk
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/cat
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/chmod
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/chown
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/cp
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/crontab
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/curl
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/dd
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/dmesg
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/facter
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/find
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/ftp
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/gdb
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/journalctl
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/ksh
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/less
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/man
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/more
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/mount
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/mv
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/mysql
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/nano
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/nc
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/nice
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/nmap
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/perl
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/python
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/rsync
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/ruby
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/scp
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/sed
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/sh
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/smbclient
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/ssh
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/tar
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/sbin/tcpdump
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/tee
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/vi
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/vim
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/wget
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/zip
someuser ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/zsh

